Chat gpt case study (#1)
Emel-H/development-platforms: src/content/docs/openai/ChatGPT/chatgpt-case-study-emel-hassen.md

### Code generation
As for its relevance for developers, ChatGPt has the ability to generate code in various programming languages. it is able t generate snippets in JavaScript, Java, Python, C++, C#, and Ruby. It is worth noting that the code generated can be buggy and is not always reliable of accurate. Hence, the process requires a human developer debug and give further instructions to ChatGPT. 

### Debugging
ChatGPT has proven to be an exceptional debugging assistant tool. Since resolving code issues involves a lot of time spent on reading documentation, Google searches, and StackOverflow, ChatGPT can significantly increase developers productivity by providing possible solutions in a matter of seconds.

### Summary table
| Feature | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Documentation | Using the natural language capabilities to help geenrate reports and documentation |
| Code generation | Can genrate code ofr web and desktop development in various programming languages |
| Debugging | Can use its ability to understand programming languages to debug code |

## Market Comparison

> ChatGPT is certainly not the only chatbot out there nor is it the only natural language processor. it is quite common that alot of service desks and support functions for companiees today use bots to handle the frequently asked request and refer to a service desk when they cannot reply. those bots are usually trained on a set of questions related to the comany and can be very limited in comparison to chatgpts capabilities.

Reviewer: @Emel-H Pls fix the punctuations
```suggestion
ChatGPT is certainly not the only chatbot out there, nor is it the only natural language processor. It is quite common that a lot of service desks and support functions for companies today use bots to handle frequently asked requests and refer to a service desk when they cannot reply. Those bots are usually trained on a set of questions related to the company and can be very limited in comparison to ChatGPT's capabilities
```

Some of the direct cometitors to chatGPT are Google's Meena, Microsoft's XiaoIce, and Facebook's Blender. In comparison, ChatGPT is generally considered to be more versatile and capable of generating text in a wider range of styles and genres. But, it also tends to generate more irrelevant or nonsensical responses than some of the other models.

## Getting Started

> To get started you simply go to the offical page of ChatGPT by OpenAI [ChatGPT](https://chat.openai.com/). You chose a plan and login with your users. You can then start using the engine by engaging with a chat. There are countless YouTube videos and tutorials on how to best use this as a developer tool that I believe are useful to have a look at for inspiration. 

Reviewer: @Emel-H There are three things you need to fix here

1. You must demonstrate a typical example where a developer can use ChatGPT as an assistant.
2. The tone of the write-up should be third person. You need to be objective. The word I is the problem. See example below
```suggestion
To get started, one simply needs to visit the official page of ChatGPT by OpenAI, accessible at [ChatGPT](https://chat.openai.com/). A plan can be chosen, and users can log in with their credentials. From there, they can begin using the engine by engaging in a chat. Countless YouTube videos and tutorials on how to best utilize ChatGPT as a developer tool are available and can provide useful inspiration.
```
3. You need to do some research and find useful tutorials on how best a developer can use ChatGPT as a developer support agent.
